Hey, good morning, family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us again
today. I told Diana yesterday
we got to do a prayer video for
the family. There's a lot of you that
like
to pray with us, and we're so
grateful for every single one of you
that you would want to come and pray
with us. You know, there is a lot to
pray about. We're in the month of
September, and we had the eclipse
last night, and that was a major deal.
You know, whenever you see it go over
Jerusalem, you see it go all over
the Middle East and all that. I said,
"My goodness, isn't it amazing, the
signs of the times of the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ, that we will see signs
in the heavens, signs in the earth, and
they're coming, they're unfolding right
in front of our face."And it's amazing
to see all that. Another thing that I
thought was really cool, y'all, was
Russia comes out and says that we have a
vaccination for cancer, a cure for
cancer to eliminate cancer.
They want to start it in trials
from what I understood. You told me
about it. I mean, what was it about?
I think it went through clinical
trials and they're going to start
testing it on people.
Testing it on people. Yeah.
Now folks, that's exactly what we
prophesied. That's what the Lord gave
us. How many weeks ago?
2024.
2024. Then He told us about it again in
2023. He's been bringing it
up, saying, "Don't forget. I'm
going to eradicate cancer. It will
become a thing of the past. It will
become a thing of the past."What cancer
was like, a plague,
like something that was really
deadly, like tuberculosis was in
the 1800s. You know, it was something
that if you got it back then, it was a
death sentence.
Yeah.
Cancer is one of those things that
will
become like TB,
a thing of the past. You don't hardly
hear about it anymore. And if you do,
they have medications and stuff for it
to kill it.
The Lord showed me that cancer would
become just like this, that it would be
a sign of AI, the new industrial
revolution, of an advancement of
technology for you to trust it—a way
for you to trust it to say, "Hey, it's
our friend,"to desensitize you. And so,
because a lot of people say,
"Well, they'll lose billions of dollars,
if not trillions of dollars,
in
cancer treatments and all the things
if they come out with a cure,"I said,
"It will be a preventative
and a cure of any type
eventually."And
that it will be
something that you can get almost over
the counter, like an aspirin. It will
become that accessible that you can just
go and get it like a pill and take it.
Well, we're already seeing something in
Russia, of all places. The one that's the
big bad bear right now is saying, "Hey,
we have the cure for cancer."And I
thought, "Well, that won't stand.
Where's America?"You know, I know we
have one because I've seen it being
suppressed and saying, "We don't want
that out yet"because they
make
so much money. It's crooked. But
as Russia comes out and says this, what
will happen now? Because I saw that
the enemy had a plan all this time,
through greed, through power to control
people. But as the hand of the Lord came
into it, their hands would
be crushed. Their hands would be removed
and there would be no way anymore for
them to suppress this new cure. So,
will it come from Russia and trigger it
in America? I don't know. Something to
watch. I just think it's kind of
interesting how what the Lord told us in
prayer is starting to come out in the
natural. And here we see a word that God
gave us on this channel to pray over.
And so many people have asked
me, "Brandon, where's the cure? Where's
it coming from?"Because I told you, I saw
the company. I saw the lab. I saw the
company that comes out in America. And
everybody's like, "Tell me. I want to
invest."I
said, "I'm not going to. It's
not for you to enrich yourself with
money because of
this."And
yeah, this company
will
probably be worth billions of dollars.
Billions. I don't know, because there are a
lot of people overcoming this stuff. But
when this comes out,
the way the Lord showed me was it was
about a rescue for this people. And then
there would be cures for Alzheimer's,
preventative, so it wouldn't spread,
so if you found out you had
it, you could take this and you could
live out the fullness of your life,
stopping it from accelerating.
Does that make sense? There were things
coming for dementia and Alzheimer's that
would stop and put a block in your
brain so that it would not keep
escalating to the point where you
deteriorate in your mind to the point
where you die that way. But
it stops the progression. And I saw
things of acceleration through AI
technology, through cures that have
plagued humanity that will come, and
people say, "Should we take
this?"You
can take it to the bank
that if you have a loved one that
is a believer who is
believing for a cure for anything,
God is a God that brings good
things; the devil's a bad devil. If it's
a vaccination, I don't know if I trust
it as much, I'm going to be real with
you. If it's some kind of shot,
like the COVID
shot where they all said they had it, I
don't trust shots. I personally do not,
because of what my daughters went
through. But if I have a little pill
and I see that it's coming along and
it's helping people
out—like
some diabetes pills have helped my
family, they had
diabetes and it's helped
people extend their life and they lived
a better life because of
it—diabetics
are
really bad, it's bad.
But insulin or
whatever,
follow your peace.
Follow your peace.
That's right, babe, follow your peace.
Don't do something just because
it's the new fad.
Trust in what your spirit
tells you to do first, because all these
people with Ozempic and all this stuff
shooting it in their bodies all the
time, I don't have peace about all
that. The
doctor tried to push it on me, "You need to
do that,"because of my weight
being heavy. And I said, "No,
I don't have any peace about
that.""Well,
you know, I believe this is
brand
new.
It's worked for
so-and-so."But
just because it's worked for
other people doesn't mean it's for you,
right?
And
I told my doctor
personally, I said, "I just don't feel
peace about taking that."Now you hear
about all these side effects and all
this stuff that's coming out about this
stuff, and I'm listening. I said, "Just
watch it for a little bit.
Let them perfect some
things."Now,
I believe that God uses
medicine, and He uses miracles
with supernatural divine
intervention.
Both can be used. I don't limit God and
say, "God, I'm putting you in a
box."If
it's helping humanity, then
it's good. You know what I'm saying? So,
but I do not trust the FDA
either, I'm just going to tell you.
I watch very carefully who's
in charge and what's going on with our
foods, with what's in all kinds
of things. So just trust, just follow the
Spirit of God. But I'm telling you what
I have seen. That's the
whole purpose. I'm not trying to tell
you what to do with your body; I'm
trying to tell you, I want you to pray
about this and pray this
through, because I believe what was a
thing of the past will be something
that's eradicated in the future.
There will be no more cancer in the days
ahead. All these people that you
know, when you go to a healing ministry
or whatever and you see what's going
on, everybody up there is needing
that to be healed, it seems like. And the
Lord told me it will become a thing of
the past. So, are we at the door of
that? Are we at the door of that? I pray
we are. If Russia is able to really
do this now, what did you tell me?
It stemmed off of the
technological advancements of the COVID
vaccination.
That's what they used, the technology
that they found out from the COVID
vaccine is what they used to make this.
This
is what I was reading in the article.
Yeah.
So, that's kind of eerie right
there because I mean, you know, that right
there is like, okay. But at the same
time, the Lord warned us this was
coming. But I saw it that it would
be a pill. It looked like a supplement.
It
was some kind of
something. Now, is it this?
I don't know, folks. You know, you hear
in part, you see in part. And as
I'm filtering what I'm seeing, just like
it was with what's going on with the
Pope.
Everybody sitting there, did you see
what's happening with the revival
in Rome and all of the youth
gathering right now, saying they're
having a new saint put into there,
that this young kid? And I told you the
Catholic Church was desperate to reach
out for the young people, and because of
this they would try to create a revival
in the Catholic Church to bring forth a
lot of youth to the Catholic Church and
to try to fan the flame because the
elders were dying and the Catholic
Church is in trouble. Do you hear what
I'm trying to tell you all? I saw in the
spirit, just like I'm telling you this, I
saw the Catholic Church was in trouble
with new youth converts. So, they were
going to try to create a buzz with this
new pope
to bring in the youth. So they just did
that this last week. They brought
a saint in of a
young
20-some-year-old
kid that had passed away,
that they said that he healed two
children, two other kids or whatever.
And there's only a thousand saints or
whatever from what we were reading. And
they were saying that he was coming in
and they were going to make this
young man a new saint. Well, all these
youth came and they said, "This is an
extension of peace to the youth. This is
an extension of something to happen
with the youth to stir up revival in the
youth."Well,
I saw an Asian man, if all
y'all remember—I'm sure y'all do,
you won't let me forget
sometime—an
Asian man that was going to bring
revival in the Asian community with it,
like an Asian
pope. Well, that man was announced.
I
haven't heard anything
about him since, but the Lord showed me
revival in the youth, revival in the
Asians, trying to revive a new
spring of growth in the Catholic
community with the Asians,
with the youth. Both, I told you, the
Lord showed me this. Now, we're seeing
the youth, it just happened, and we see
the Asians, but I haven't heard anything
more about that. So, we see what
we're praying about is coming about on
the news. Great shaking in the Catholic
Church. And this will be a
representation as you see this great
shaking in Italy, in the Roman Catholic
Church. You're going to see this is the
beginning of a new era, a new shaking. I
see this. It's like what I said to you
all yesterday: a revival breaking out in
the Catholic Church. And it will come
through the young
people. I see the young coming up, glory
to the Lord, coming up in the
Catholic Church. I see it all in the
Catholic Church. A fresh fire in the
youth breaking away from old traditions,
bringing in new things, new things, new
things. The glory taking out all of
it.
This is like a well that
is all stopped up. And this is a well
that I would say never had water in it.
Never. But the Lord's going to bring
living
water. The youth are going to
drink from this. You're going to see
this in the days ahead. But a great
shaking will take place in the Catholic
Church. That's what we're seeing as of
this last week. Great shaking. It's the
beginning. There's going to be many more
go home by the graveside. A cleaning of
the house. It's almost like you see a
purging, a purging come forth in the
Catholic Church. A lot of people
going home. A lot of people starting
to go
home, like priests, older priests,
like you see them. It's a
cleansing of the house and a new
generation, a new way of thinking, not
liberal. The hearts of the youth are
crying out for a river, for the
manifestations of the glory, for they
don't even know what they're crying out.
They're just searching,
they're searching. Oh, but
He's cleaning out the stone, He's
cleaning out the debris out of the
well. There's a great well. I see a
well. And in this well, it's been
sealing
it off and no one's getting out
of that well. But the Lord said, "I'm
going to break that well open. And
there's going to come a mighty
rushing water come up out of that well.
You're going to see it. You're going to
see it. And it will come to pass at
last. And the great, mighty move of My
presence is coming, and a mighty rushing
wind in the Catholic Church. Many will
try to put it out. I see these old men
with red suits on, like they're all
religious,
they're like Pharisees. They're
going home like this, like that, like this,
like that. They're going to go boop.
They're going to go, for they've been
standing in the way of My move today.
Woe unto you that try to hold Me back
and won't let Me move through. They'll
be going, going, going, but they're not
coming up here of Me."He's warned and
warned and warned, for a
judgment will come now. I see it. And I
told you all
last broadcast, I said, "You heard it here
first, folks, before you heard it on
the news."We want to become the news. We
want to be the news before the news has
it. They're old news. If you're hearing
the news, it's way behind in the spirit
realm. If you're hearing the
news, you're months behind.
What's happening in the spirit realm
happens sometimes a year in advance, two
years in advance in prayer. We cultivate
this in prayer. And that's what God has
brought us up in this channel to pray
these things through what we're seeing
on the news. Now, the other thing was,
you know, President Trump made that
tweet, X
post,
or whatever it was, his
Truth
Social, sorry, too many
platforms.
I go, "My goodness, there are too many
platforms."His
Truth Social, saying,
"Well, it looks like India,
Russia, and China have won. They're going
to join their BRICS and they're going
to do all that,
congratulations to them,
whatever."He
made that kind of a remark, but it was
about Venezuela
and Saudi Arabia eventually and all
these other. And if you remember
what I told you, I saw it in the spirit
realm arising in the Middle East with
Iraq, and I saw a new spring of
wealth coming out of Iraq, and the
buildings and the palm trees like a new
Palm Springs, like a beautiful new
establishment of things in the future,
which could be looking into the
tribulation of wealth coming in the
Middle East for the Antichrist to
rise out of. Because I believe the
Mahdi
comes out of the Middle East. He
comes out of Saudi Arabia. I've always
said that. And so,
we see all these things coming to pass
is what I'm trying to say. We see the
BRICS
nations rising. We see
Donald Trump paddling his canoe as fast
as he can, trying to keep America from
going over the waterfall. Paddling his
canoe. I mean, he's struggling. But
the Lord said, "As America is lining up with
Israel, it will be an extension of My
grace,
for a blessing of the Abrahamic covenant
will be breathed on in a way this
generation has never seen before. For
a
blessing to come upon those that bless
Israel, I will bless, and those that curse
Israel, I will curse."And as we see Emmanuel
Macron
coming, as I said,
the forerunner of the tilling of the
soil to bring forth the Antichrist
agenda. That's what they're all
saying: "Who's going to line up with us?
Who's on our side? Who's on the world's
side? Who's on God's side?
Who's on the Antichrist's
side?"And
here we have Emmanuel Macron rolling
this thing out, and it's all coming like
the Lord told us it would in the
month of September to remember.
We have the 23rd, and they want to have
this week that's in two weeks.
We have this major UN meeting starting
in, I believe, the next couple of days.
High-level
week starting at the UN,
right? So it's the 23rd. It starts on
the 21st, but the
discussions are supposed to be on the
23rd and the 24th for Israel. The
two-state solution, that's when they're
going to talk about it,
right?
Yeah.
So, that's a very important week. And
that was what the Lord was showing me,
praying over Trump's heart, praying over
this thing because this was
an extension of blessing for America,
for oil pipelines. I'm telling you all,
I saw a season of financial breakthrough
where it was a thin layer of gold.
A thin layer of gold. But is it real
gold? That's not what its
representation is. It's a type and shadow of
something. The Lord's showing me it's a
thin layer of blessing. That was a wave.
And He said, "Ride the wave."And a wave
doesn't last long, and a gold streak
does not last. Something like that you
can pick up in your pockets, but it's something
you can't build on. You have to have a
deep foundation to build a house on.
You don't build a house on a foundation
this thin,
but you can get
blessed off of it
if you're using wisdom, if you're
hearing Him. And that's why I said I'm
believing for Him to sign new back in
February when I prophesied and I told
you all what the Lord said. He said a
foundation, a new foundation for a new
industrial revolution to bring in the
beast system was being laid, and laws
bringing it out of the wild, wild
West would become something of a
modern society that people are too
afraid of right now. But the elders
are about to put their money in it. The
old money is about to bring in with the
new money, and it's going to bring in a
one-world
currency eventually,
a beast system eventually.
And that's where it's all headed to.
How do you know that, Brandon?
Yes, it does; it
lines up with the Word, folks. The Bible
tells us that we'll have a
one-world
government. We'll have a beast system.
We're going to have all this stuff. The
Bible tells us; it warns us of all these
things that are coming.
Signs in the heavens, signs in the
earth, signs in politics, signs in the
church. It's time for you to open your
eyes and look at the signs that Jesus
Christ is coming. He's coming, and He's
coming sooner than you realize. Well,
you've heard that, Brandon. You told us
three years. I'm
praying personally on this channel,
but we're praying for a three-year
window to the next Shemitah cycle for a
big harvest of souls that will start, I
believe, whenever we have that blessing
agreement on the 23rd saying the United
States of America will stand with Israel
and we won't agree with the two-state
solution. Now, if Trump comes out and
divides Israel and says, "We're
agreeing we want to split Israel"and all
that stuff, then you better run from
the New Madrid fault line. You better
run. You have three days.
Three days if we split Israel. I've seen
it
for a blessing and a cursing. And as
I saw Canada
going with the two-state solution, we
pray that Canada does not. I saw British
Columbia have the worst earthquake
in history,
where
30,000 people perish that day
on the coastline. Now, when will that
take place? I don't know. I'm not going
to put a timeline on the prophetic
of
what I see. It could be days. It could
be weeks. It could be months. I have no
idea. When you're
seeing in the spirit, it looks like it's
right in front of your face after they
make that decision that it will happen
right then. I know what the Lord
told me: that if America divides it,
it will be three days. He spoke to me
specifically, and He said in three days,
if this is decided, it will happen. Now,
He did not give me that kind of a stern
warning concerning Canada, but I know
that it will be—this is what He did
say—this
will be the beginning of the
sheep and the goats. Who will be the
sheep nations, and who will be the goat
nations? And this will be the beginning
of the point of no return in September
when it comes to the end times. We are
in that point of the waterfall. And He
said this is the time where there will
be no epidural
whenever you're in labor, and this is the
time where the doctor says,
"Hun, it's time to push."And the Lord said
to me we're at the point of this
September. He said, "You're at the point of
no return."Didn't He
say
it
so many times? Now I try to count them
all, how many times He said, "This is the
point of no return.
This will be a time of a great
acceleration in things like you've never
seen before,
coming into this September."We're here,
and there was fog all over the month of
September, but it started on the 5th.
There was a calendar in the vision, and
the fog started on the 5th
and it went all the way through, and the
further it went down, the thicker
the fog.
And it was circled in a bloodline.
It looked like a circle of red was
around the month of September. Then it
was divided with a black line between
October and September, and He said,
"Watch them both.
Watch them both."But October was faded.
It had a haze over it, which I don't
understand because it was foggy, but
a haze almost like you're looking
through something that's transparent in
October. Then it had a sandy haze
all over September, but the Lord said
this will be a time for—and this
word was given to us clear back in, was
it March?
Somewhere around there, March.
And so we've been praying over that
since then. We're here now. We're in the
month of September. And as we head into
the fall, He said it was a time
of great acceleration of finances to
believe for this, to see the wealth
transfer,
to believe for the wealth transfer, for
the wealth of the wicked to be laid up
for the righteous.
And He said, "You'll have to pray into
this, for this is Satan's wheelhouse,
what
he is the best at."You see, you
can't just sit there and go, "Well, I'm
just waiting for it."You're going to
have to contend.
You have to be a contender. You have to
fight for the right to have it. Don't
say, "Well, I'm just going to wait. Oh,
it's just going to
happen."No,
I did not see that. I saw you would have
to till the ground. You would have to be
listening to Him on what to do with your
finances to reap it.
And I'm telling you folks, that's what
it is with a lot of things. It feels
like in the spirit realm, you are
grabbing a hold of things and saying, "I
am not letting go until you bless
me."Like
it was with, I believe it
was Jacob.
Yeah, it was Jacob.
And he grabbed a hold of that angel, and
he said, "I'm not letting go until you
bless me."And the angel hit his hip; he
walked with a limp the rest of his life, but
he got his blessing. He got his
blessing. But I'm going to tell you
this: I don't want no angel hitting me in
the hip. I need to walk right. But
I'm believing God for the blessing.
I'm believing God that I have tither's
rights, that whatsoever man soweth, that
will he also reap, that He said He
provides seed for the sower, and He said
He would take care of us 30, 60, and
100-fold on what we sow. Now Diana and I
believe in tithing. Diana and I believe
in giving extra. And we have seen
increase and are believing for more,
believing for more, and that God has
great things in store for 2025, 2026,
going into 2027, before this major thing
I've seen coming, going into 2026 trying to
disrupt the elections. What I've
warned you about for the elections of
2026 for "the year of the fix,"for them to
try to make it look like the economy is
amazing
so that everybody wants to vote red.
But we need to pray over that because
I've seen a great shaking coming to New
York
because of the decisions they make. New
York will be shaken. And I saw buildings
and fires throughout New York. And I saw
people fleeing New York like
cockroaches when they turn on the
light. Everybody was trying to get
away. And I saw bad things coming up in
New York City,
shaking
in major cities. But He said,
"The greater the blue, the greater the
harvest."And
I believe for a major harvest of
souls in Hollywood and in
Minneapolis, Minnesota, to all these
areas. But everybody, I'm
telling you, it's not just about
America. This is about the world. But
I'm stationed in America, so I pray over
America. Diana and I, we pray over
it
because we live here. But you pray
over your area. And I believe there'll
be watchmen raised up in your area, for
Berlin, for France, for Paris, and
all these major areas,
all around the world from Australia
to every place on this planet. I'm
believing for a major harvest of souls,
that it's not about America. There's
only 350 million people here. But I'm
believing for the whole world to have a
major outpouring of the Spirit of God
like we've never seen before. And people
are going to come from everywhere,
from sea to shining sea. We're going to
have a major revival. That's what the
Lord said, "Believe for five
billion."I'm
like,
"Okay."Souls.
Five billion souls to the kingdom
of God. Believe for a five-billion harvest
of souls, people getting born again.
That's amazing
because Braden was
doing with Matthew, he goes, "Dad, do you
realize when the Lord said believe
big, that's stretching?"That's stretching
because
God doesn't have small on His mind.
God's not a small-thinking God; God's a
big-thinking
God. And that encouraged me. I just
thought, "You know, your capacity of your
tent needs to grow."I told Diana,
I said, "Five billion,
Lord? Lord, You think
big."He's
a big God, but
the way I think is this: "Well, if we can
get a million people saved, we're
great."He's
like,
"You need to think bigger.
A hundred million is
not enough.
We need to believe for hundreds
of millions because the harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are
few."I
don't know how many laborers there are out
there, but I'm praying that you all
are laborers. I'm praying every one of
you of this channel are people that are
hungry and thirsty and are seeking God
daily, saying, "God, here am I. Use me.
Here am I. Use my wife, use my
children. Use us for the kingdom of
God."Whatever
we get, Father, in our
storehouse,
we'll use it for You. Father, I thank
You that I know that what we sow on this
side, we're going to reap big in heaven.
We may
reap here on this earth too, but I'm
telling you, I
can't even imagine how cool my house is
going to look. I'm just going
to believe God for big stuff, that my
rewards in heaven are going to be even
bigger than what I get on this earth.
Whenever I get over there,
He's going to say, "Well done,
Braden.
Look what I got for
you."It's
going to be something cool. Everybody
says,
"You know that castle you saw when
you went there? That's probably your
castle."I
don't know, folks. All I know
is I'm believing for big, and it's
going to be exceedingly abundantly above
all that you dare ask or think, and it's
all according to your faith. What do you
believe God will do for you? What do you
believe He'll do for your household? I'm
believing for Megan. I'm believing for
restoration. And not
only for her to talk, but restitution
for all the cankerworm has eaten and the
time I had to raise her up,
right?
I'm calling forth restitution,
that everything the
cankerworm ate,
what the devil meant for bad, God's
going to turn it around for good in my
favor. And you believe the same for you.
You say, "Well, I've lost twenty years of
her life. She's been in
a room a lot, and you
doing all these things, and I haven't got
to really ever know her because she's
been overcoming autism."Well, I'm
believing God for restitution.
When He told the woman with the issue of
blood, "Daughter, be thou made
whole,"it
was spirit, soul, and body, but it was
finances too. It was restitution for
everything she had lost. I'm believing
for restitution for you, that what the
devil meant for bad, He's going to have
to restore back to you everything that
the cankerworm ate. And He said,
the Bible says, "If the thief
be found, make him pay back
double."And
I say, "Double for my
trouble."It's
time to believe for double for your
trouble. Restitution time. And I
believe it will be
a
time that we've never seen
before. It's time. We're going to see a
mighty move of the wave of God, of the
finances, for the outpouring, for the
healing, for demonstrations,
manifestations of the glory, for
everything that we've been
believing for. We're going to see it.
And He told us, we're going to see
people rise up that we've never seen
before, that have a voice that comes
seemingly out of nowhere. And you're
going to go, "Where in the world did
this person come from?"He said, "I'm
bringing up new Davids. I'm bringing up
new Esthers, new Hannahs, new all of
them."And
you're going to say, "My
goodness, there's such an anointing on
their ministry. Where did that come
from?"Are
you a David? Are you a Hannah?
Are you an Esther? Has God called you to
the kingdom for such a time as this? Are
you one that can be used? Are you
saying, "Here am I, Father, use
me,"or
are you just standing back saying,
"Well, you know, the ship's coming by
again. I don't know if that's
mine."I
tell you what, Diana and I are on that
boat saying, "Here we go. Let's put some
turbos on the deck and let's get this
job done so we can go home."That's why
we believe in having altar calls.
That's why we believe in praying for the
sick. When you come around us, if you
say, "Hey, Brandon, will you pray for
me?"I'm
going to pray for you.
I believe that even in spite of
all the things you may see around me,
with even my daughter overcoming, God's
still a healer. Megan does not validate
the word of God. The word of God
validates itself. It doesn't need Megan
to have fruit to show
you that God's a healer. God's word is
true regardless of Megan's
circumstances. God's true regardless of
my circumstances. You can still
believe in prosperity even if you're
dirt broke. Do you understand? He said
that He would provide seed for you. He
would take care of you. He said in
Deuteronomy 28, "You will lend unto many
nations and you will not
borrow."That's
a word
that doesn't have to line up with your
circumstances for it to be true. The
word of God is true regardless of your
circumstances.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not
moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what
the word of God says. And that's why I
say I stand upon the word of God
regardless of what my circumstances are
trying to yell at me. They're subject to
change.
So that's what you have to believe for
in these last days. Regardless of where
you are, believe for the impossible
in
your circumstances, and it will change.
I believe, like I've said a thousand
times, that there's an expiration date
for what you're going through.
There's sunny days ahead. There's
beautiful days with no clouds in the
sky. And you can say, "I can see clearly
now, the rain is gone."Remember that. I
believe that for you, that you can see
clearly now that the rain is gone, all
obstacles are out of your way, right?
It's going to be a bright, bright
sunshiny day. It's time to have fun. The
fun has just begun. Remember what the
Spirit of the Lord says. But I'm trying
to tell you all to stir
yourself up today, to have expectation
for what God is about to do in your
life. So, we're going to pray. I'll tell
you a little something to encourage you,
and you can
fast-forward
it if you want to. I told Diana,
'They want to pray.'I said, 'Let's
pray.'But
I have always
tried to encourage you to keep your head
up, to believe God for big things. So, we're
going to believe God today and we're
going to pray. Whatever you have need of
in your body, I believe there's an
expiration date to it, like I said. And
Father, we take this body in the name of
Jesus, and we come before you boldly.
And we know that you're the healer,
you're the deliverer, and you came to
set the captives free, not to bind them
up. Father, I thank you, Lord, for your
healing power that flows on the inside
of us. I bless every single one of them
in the name of Jesus, and we call
them
healed and whole and well in the mighty
name of Jesus. And we take this body
right now.
Lord, we plead the blood of Jesus, and
we make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us. And we apply the blood
of Jesus over every single one of us and
over our sins today. And we thank you,
Lord. There's a bloodline that covers
all around our house. There's a
bloodline that covers around our
finances. There's a bloodline that
covers over us right now in the
name of Jesus. And we thank you, Lord,
that as the flu season comes on, Father,
I thank you, Lord, that by your
stripes, we're healed. We don't deal
with flu season. We don't deal with
sickness and disease. We don't
participate in what the devil tries to
do every single year.
We walk in divine health in the mighty
name of Jesus. Amen and amen.
Everybody say, 'Glory,
glory.'Father,
we just lift up our time before
you, Father,
and we thank you, Lord. If there's
anything you want to show us today as we
pray, we plead the blood over our eyes,
over me, Father, that I hear your voice
and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
And we'll follow you, God, and we'll
hear you. And I thank you, Lord, that
you said that your young
men
will see visions, your old men
will dream dreams. And we thank you, Lord,
we stand on that scripture today, that
we'll see as a watchman and we'll
see as an eagle, and we stand on the
perch and you'll show us that which
is to come. And we believe that we have
eyes to see what the Spirit has to show
us in the mighty name of Jesus, that we
prepare ourselves and we pray. And we thank
you, Lord, we humble ourselves and pray.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
for this time of prayer in the name of
Jesus. Now, I'm just going to pray in
the Spirit. I'll just pray in tongues; you
pray with me. And if you know how to
pray in tongues—if you don't, you can
pray in English, pray whatever you know
how to pray—but I pray in the Spirit,
pray in tongues according to Acts
chapter 2, being filled with the
Holy Ghost and fire. So, Father, I thank
you, Lord,
for
today.
I'm
still
focused all around
New York. It's just all around New York.
You feel it? It's just when I'm pushing
into that, it's about praying
over that city concerning 9/11 again.
It's concerning 9/11 again,
protecting
against
any kind of surprise attacks
from any
drone attacks. Do you understand?
Praying over this airspace, praying all
around the city, praying over surprise
attacks on 9/11. There'll be much
heightened security, but it's
the lone wolf, these things.
It's a
massive city. There's many buildings. Do
you understand? That's what the Lord is
doing,
praying over every single area,
praying over to diffuse, to uncover any
plot, any plan that the wicked would try
to do in garages, parking garages, with
the vans, with the
trucks. Do you understand? Praying
over the vans, praying over fertilizer
in vans and the trucks again, praying
over these areas for protection over our
capitals, over our cities for a de-escalation
of
any kind of hidden agenda in this, for
the
anniversary, praying
over our cities, praying over our time.
You say,
even over Israel. Praying over Israel,
it was just highlighted to me
immediately when I said that. I
saw Jerusalem again, and
instantaneously
I saw this. I saw
Israel—not
just about America. It went boom, and
I saw Israel really big about 9/11, and I
don't know, that's interesting.
It's
because it intertwined someone from
America, from New York to Israel, and
it was highlighted.
We cover our nation. We cover Israel. We
cover Jerusalem. We cover the people. We
cover peace over both areas, over our
cities, over Washington, D.C., over our
main areas of business. Father, I
thank you, Lord, for divine protection
over our people. Father, concerning 9/11
and the days after, we call a hedge of
protection around this nation in the
name of Jesus, that every plot, every
plan of the wicked would be brought to
light in the name of Jesus. That there
will be no weapon formed against us that
will prosper. A thousand shall fall at
our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but
it shall not come nigh. We cover our
nation. We cover this land in the name
of Jesus, going even into the holiday
season, Father.
Okay, so right now it's highlighted
before me now: October, November,
December, praying over these months,
closing out this year. Each one of
them is highlighted with buildings.
Each one of those months
is
highlighted with buildings, high-rise
buildings with lights on. Now, that's
interesting. I don't
see danger when
I'm seeing that; it's about economics,
because the buildings, their lights are on
in
each one of those months.
And the months that are highlighted the
most are November and December, and there
are
more lights on in the
buildings.
So I think that's kind of interesting
when the Lord's showing us that.
We pray over every one of our churches
today. We pray over the churches. We
pray over no longer attacks on the
churches.
We thank you now.
Father, we pray over Don Jr. right now
in the name of Jesus. His face came up
before me, and I see him in that white
tux again. I pray over his body. I pray
over him that no weapon formed against
him will prosper. I cover him.
We pray a hedge of protection around his
family.
I see John
Hagee
for some reason,
and he was highlighted to me, and
Cornerstone Church there.
He was highlighted to me,
and I don't ever see that.
We pray over his
heart. We pray over his heart, over
every artery of his heart, over his
heart, over his body. We pray over him
that he's healthy, whole, and well. With
long life, you will satisfy him and show
him your salvation. I thank you. With
long life, you have held John Hagee in
your hand. We pray a hedge around John
Hagee
right now in the name of Jesus,
over his life. Father, I thank you,
Lord, protecting
him
from strokes or anything
concerning his health. I pray over his
heart, I pray over his health in the
name of Jesus,
over his blood pressure, over
his body. Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord,
from the top of his head to the soles of
his feet, he's healed and whole and well
in the name of Jesus. Oh,
yeah. That's definitely—I'm praying over
this man.
He's highlighted to me.
Now I see this church, and I see a new
man with a white shirt on with a golden
jacket, and I see revival coming to this
church. A new wave of something in this
church.
Something is about to take place in this
church with a man with a golden jacket.
It almost looks like designs on this
jacket.
And in this, I see a golden
jacket on a man with a white shirt.
It's a shiny, metallic-looking jacket.
It's really beautiful.
As I look into
this,
I see him there, and I see
a man preaching with fire.
Preaching with fire.
Oh,
he's talking about raising up these
churches. There's churches all around.
He's praying into each city. And I'm
praying into these churches. You
understand? And I'm seeing in each of these
churches a wave of the glory, a wave.
Praying for your city, praying for your
pastor, praying for these major places
of gatherings. I'm praying for the
revival right now. I'm praying for the
revival. I can see new ministers, new
faces, and new places.
He's setting the place up
for the greatest grace
explosion this world has ever seen.
People are being put in position right
now. Elders will go home. New ones will
rise up and take the baton for this
great revival that's about to take
place. And he said, 'Pray into this
revival. Pray into this revival
for every city, every
state,
for the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are
few.'He's
looking for the hearts of
men
today. He's looking for the hearts of
today.
I can see him across Europe. I can see
him across Australia. New churches, a new
foundation of great revival, a new
revival in these cities.
Established places. They're established
places.
They already have a name. It's like
a fire again. Do you know, whenever you
put new wine in new
wineskins,
the oil
is being applied to these new
wineskins?
They're getting ready for a major
revival. You'll see elders go home.
And
with
the
elders going home, there are new
faces, new ideas, new ways to get
the revival to go. And a new flame will
flow. A new flame will flow in these
places. And I'm seeing
churches and
churches all across this land, a major
revival again.
Raising up leaders with integrity.
Raising up leaders with
backbone. Raising up leaders with
the fire in their belly, in the name of
Jesus. Stir, stir, stir
a revival, a revival, a revival,
an awakening under
God.
He's given warning
after
warning to some
that his time has come
and they have not heard and taken
heed
to what
he has said to them. He's
warning and warning, and
with
certain individuals,
he's warned to
change certain things with egos.
It's like they stand in the way of what
he tries to do when he tries to flow
through.
And he said, 'If need be, they'll
be
removed.'He's
running out of time.
Just be pliable like
a new wineskin
with
the new wine. Be pliable
so that the new wine doesn't
burst
the vessel. Do you understand? Be
pliable with oil, with the glory, with
the presence of the Lord, the anointing
of the Holy Ghost. Let it flow through
you and change you so that
the new wine doesn't burst the old
wineskin.
Be a new wineskin. Do you understand?
The Lord is wanting to do
something through some of you. And you
have been a
wall. No, a
dam.
Let it flow or you'll be removed. Do
you understand? And he'll bring somebody
else in to replace you.
I see so many that he's knocking at
their door and saying, 'Will you do
this?'He's
been working on them for so long.
And I'm not talking about
the man that I talked about
earlier. This is another side of a
vision, so I want to make that clear.
I'm not talking about Cornerstone. I'm
separating this vision, because
people try to lump it all together. You
can't lump it all together. I'm seeing
a
picture that keeps moving. He's saying,
'New people, new faces. Elders going
home. New faces.'A rising up of a
new church, a rising up of a new revival,
a rising up of new people.
But then there are those
who are semi-older
that have been a
wall.
And I see certain men—you've been a
wall and you say, 'This is the way,'and you
have an ego, a resume, a big head.
And he said he can't get through to you
to say it's time for you to become
pliable with new oil so that the
new wine doesn't burst the vessel. You
have to be pliable
for what he's about to do in
this last outpouring, this new push.
This is going to be something you've
never seen before. For
the Lord Jesus is standing at the
door.
And I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'A
new wave of my glory, a new wave.'And
in
these churches—I see
mega-seat
churches for a revival.
People are going to be coming.
They're established.
You don't tear
them
down, you just bring somebody new.
They're established buildings that
take
years to pay off,
years to build for a four- or
five-thousand-seat
auditorium.
He
means, 'I need this for my harvest
now.'Do
you understand?
People go, 'Well, we'll just
use...'No,
buildings take years to build,
some of the big ones, right?
Major auditoriums take a lot of time.
We're out of time. The Lord said, 'I'm
going to do a new
thing,'establishing
old churches
with
a fresh
touch, a fresh fire, a fresh Holy Ghost
flow on these places.
A brand-new river, a brand-new stream,
something like you've never seen.
It's going to be fresh.
Don't have a preconceived idea
of how you think it's going to
be. Be open and let the Spirit move for
you.
Do you understand? That's what I heard
the spirit of the Lord say.
Don't have a preconceived idea of
what you might see.
Be open and let the spirit of the Lord
flow free.
That's what the spirit of the Lord just
said.
Let the Holy Spirit flow
free.
Let him
flow.
That's why he said, 'Remember William
Seymour put the box on his head?'I just
heard that out of the spirit. Remember
William Seymour put the box on his head
to hear how the Spirit would
lead.
Die to self. Put the box on
your head in your area of your life.
What does it take? Put a box on your
head like William Seymour. Die to
self. Put it on your head
so that you'll be
led by the spirit of the Lord in each
service.
Don't have a preconceived idea of how it
should be done. This is why he put the
box on his head,
listening for how it's supposed to be.
And then, whenever the Lord said to take the
box off, then the Holy Ghost
moved in that day.
But he put the box on
his
head and everybody laughed. But
that's exactly what he was
instructed to do so that he would be led,
not by his head, but by the spirit of the
Lord. I hear the spirit of the
Lord so clear concerning this. What is
your box?
What is he wanting you to do so that you
remain pliable for him to work through?
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Stay open.
I see Lakewood Church, that massive
arena.
The
Lord said, 'Believe for bigger.
Believe for a bigger move of God.'Even
with
Joel, a bigger move, for a
greater harvest in Houston. A greater
harvest in Houston. Don't count people
out because you have a preconceived idea
of who you think they are. God will use
who he wants to use and he'll pour out
his spirit upon all flesh if you just
say yes.
Here am I, Lord, send me. I'm
telling you, it'll be a revival like
you've never seen before.
This is going to be something amazing
from shore to shore. That's
what the Lord said. You're going to see
a revival like you've never seen before
from shore to shore.
A harvest in America,
from the border all the
way down to the Gulf.
It'll be like popcorn, like he's
talking about the popcorn all going
off. You'll see popcorn; they'll start
popping. They're going to start a
revival that will just start popping
like popcorn in a pan.
You'll see it popping.
They're going to start happening.
It's going to start in universities, and
it'll start spreading in major
universities. I see revival in major
universities again,
like
Alabama—major
revival. I don't know why Alabama
just stood out to me: Alabama, the
University of Alabama.
ORU, major universities,
major revival
in
the most unlikely
places—on
live streams,
Facebook live streams,
things like that, revival breaking out
similar to what we're doing right now.
I'm talking about Holy Ghost movements. Thank
you,
God.
Thank you, Lord.
And it will spring forth all throughout
South America. I'm seeing South America,
a major revival in the Latino
communities. I'm telling you, major
revival in stadiums, in Latino
communities—major
revival, major
harvest in these areas.
It stands out so clear to me. I see
all of South America. I'm talking a
wave of the presence of God throughout
South America.
It's going to happen—I'm telling you,
I could name off
everywhere:
Asia, all of them, Africa,
Europe—no
nation will be left out. You will
have to resist it. 'I don't want this in
my church.
We're not going to have
that.'Well,
you won't have it. But if you just say
yes, your church will have new growth
and new people like you've never seen
before. And people will come from
all over trying to come just to get a
fresh touch, similar to what we do.
You won't have to travel so far. The
Lord says, 'Diana, we won't have to
travel so far to say, I need a fresh
touch. You won't have to go to Florida
to
get a fresh touch. You'll be able to
have a fresh touch in your backyard if
you just want it.'You know what I'm
saying?
It's in places unlike you have
ever seen,
unlikely places like, 'Really,
there?'He
sees the hunger. He sees the cry. And
He's shaking to awaken, a
shaking to awaken.
Glory to God! I am so excited about
this. Praise the Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for that. I'm excited
about it, for everything I'm seeing—a
shaking
in these churches, praying over
our president, praying over the
protection. This is not a
pause.
I'm seeing more revival.
September's a hot month.
Glory to God! I'm like, 'Lord, what sets
this revival off? Let's just get this
done,
Lord, for the coming of the
Son.'Thank
you, Father.
What will we see first, Lord? An economic
boom for the finances for the church is
what You've always told me.
The outpouring of the
finances comes first—then first
the blade, then the ear, then the full
manifestation. We're going to start to
see it, for the finances come
first—jet
fuel for the rocket. Lord, we need
that.
Has it already come? Have we been a part
of it? Are we there? Is that part of us
there? I mean, what
you try to reason in your mind, you know,
how you try to see when you're
looking at a vision, 'How's that going to
happen?'Because
I'm telling you, this is
going to be amazing, y'all. I'm excited
about it, but I'm just anticipating
because I'm watching on the
wall going, 'Okay, what happens first?
What domino happens first?'A shaking to
awaken, financial blessing on the
church, and then all the stuff
with Israel. I'm seeing Israel and
praying over Israel and seeing all this
stuff going on. It's all a time of
great acceleration.
Everything seems to be happening at
once. It's not like one thing and then
you pray another. It's all happening
at once.
Glory to God!
Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah! Well,
aren't you glad you came today? I'm glad
I came today. We prayed over
some things. We just want to say thank
you for joining us. If you're new here,
could you please like and subscribe?
Click the notification bell for us. Be a
part of our little prayer team here.
We're growing and growing and growing.
Braden said, 'Hey, Daddy, we're up to
900 subscribers in Germany.'If you're
German-speaking
and you don't speak
English and you're watching this right
now, we have a German channel for you.
Go over there and check it out. We have
like six videos up over there, and
Braden's working really hard to get
everything up to date for the Germans.
But there's over 900 new subscribers
over there, and we're excited that you're
excited to be a part of our German
channel. So if you're over there and
you're watching, we found out a lot
of you are Catholic. So that's
wonderful. We're so excited our Catholic
brothers and sisters are coming
over to the German channel to watch us
over there. And so we have so many new
faces in Germany, in Portuguese,
and all of Japan, and I can go on and
on and on. But it's so amazing to see
what the Lord is doing, raising up these
prayer armies throughout the whole
world. And I believe that's what it's
going to take—having prayer armies
everywhere. So we'll pray more and more
and more. I tried to tell you all
what the Lord had in store at the
beginning of it to keep it short, so
hopefully it stirs you up.
But it's free to subscribe.
Yeah, it's free to subscribe; it doesn't
cost you anything. It's just a click,
click, click. So we just try to keep it
around an hour of praying and a little
bit of word for you to keep you stirred
up, keep you going, keep your
meat on your bones, and get you excited
about your day. I'm really
excited about my day already; I'm ready
to go conquer the world.
So God bless you all, and we will see you
again. Remember, put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much, and we love you. God
bless you all, and we will see you again
soon. Bye-bye.